README.md, before:

<!---
OliveraStojkova/OliveraStojkova is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
## 👋 Hi, I'm Olivera Stojkova!

**Welcome to my GitHub profile!**  

I'm a Master's student in Bioinformatics with a background in Genetics, Cell Biology and Development. My interest lies in integrating biological and biomedical data to gain insights into disease mechanisms and drive biologically relevant conclusions.

---

### 💻 About Me

🔬 **Research Interests:**  
- Genomic data analysis
- Transcriptomic data analysis 
- Computational biology in cancer research  

🎓 **Current Work:**  
 I’m pursuing my Master’s degree, exploring topics like:
 - Mutation associated mutational-signature detection of cancer associated genes
 - Variant-to-function mapping of GWAS hits
 - Protein variant analysis using mutagenesis data
 - Single cell analysis 

🌱 **Learning Goals:**  
I’m looking forward to gain more expertise in the fileds of multi-omics** analysis, and personalized medicine.

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect!

🌐 [LinkedIn](#www.linkedin.com/in/oliverastojkova)  
✉️ [Email Me](mailto:stojkovaolivera@outlook.com)  

---

Commit message:

changed the contact info
updated linkedin and email information

README.md, after:

<!---
OliveraStojkova/OliveraStojkova is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
## 👋 Hi, I'm Olivera Stojkova!

**Welcome to my GitHub profile!**  

I'm a Master's student in Bioinformatics with a background in Genetics, Cell Biology and Development. My interest lies in integrating biological and biomedical data to gain insights into disease mechanisms and drive biologically relevant conclusions.

---

### 💻 About Me

🔬 **Research Interests:**  
- Genomic data analysis
- Transcriptomic data analysis 
- Computational biology in cancer research  

🎓 **Current Work:**  
 I’m pursuing my Master’s degree, exploring topics like:
 - Mutation associated mutational-signature detection of cancer associated genes
 - Variant-to-function mapping of GWAS hits
 - Protein variant analysis using mutagenesis data
 - Single cell analysis 

🌱 **Learning Goals:**  
I’m looking forward to gain more expertise in the fileds of multi-omics** analysis, and personalized medicine.

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect!

🌐 LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/oliverastojkova 

✉️ Email: stojkovaolivera@outlook.com  

---
